Credit and feedback for VRPN 

VRPN (The Virtual Reality Peripheral Network) has been placed into the 
public domain by the copyright owner Russell M. Taylor II at the 
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill on 5/4/98. Additional terms 
and requests follow: 

1. Please acknowledge this library in any publication, written, 
videotaped, or otherwise produced, that results from making programs 
using it. The acknowledgement should credit: 

The NIH National Research Resource in Molecular Graphics and Microscopy 
at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, supported by the NIH 
National Center for Research Resources and the NIH National Institute of 
Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering. 

The number of users who do this (and furnish lists of publications) is 
considered very seriously as part of our service and dissemination 
missions when our grant comes up for renewal. When you do this, it 
greatly increases the chances that support for this work will continue. 

2. Please furnish a reference to (and preferably a copy of) any 
publication, including videotape, that you produce and disseminate 
outside your group using our program. These should be addressed to: 

taylorr@cs.unc.edu Russell M. Taylor II Department of Computer Science, 
Sitterson Hall University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, 
NC 27599-3175 

3. Please send us derived classes and drivers for new devices that you 
create for the library. We will attempt to include them in future 
releases of the library for you and others to use. This is the fastest 
way to get a working system for everyone. 

If you want to reference VRPN in a publication, the following is a 
reference to the paper: 

Russell M. Taylor II, Thomas C. Hudson, Adam Seeger, Hans Weber, Jeffrey 
Juliano, Aron T. Helser, "VRPN: A Device-Independent, 
Network-Transparent VR Peripheral System," Proceedings of the ACM 
Symposium on Virtual Reality Software & Technology 2001, VRST 2001. 
Banff Centre, Canada, November 15-17, 2001. 

No Warranty for VRPN 

4. The program and associated files are provided "as is," with no 
express or implied warranty. You agree to hold the University of North 
Carolina and its employees and students, as well as all involved in the 
development of the system, not liable in the event of damages resulting 
from the use of this product. 

5. You understand that the University cannot provide support for this 
product. While we may release future, updated versions of the software 
and fix reported bugs, we may be unable to do so. Such releases and 
updates are likely to be reported on the project web page at 
http://www.cs.unc.edu/Research/vrpn. You are welcome to contact us with 
questions and bug reports, which we will address as we have time.

